#######################
* Author: Kent Kjeldaas
#######################

# Flight-Controller

I will post some of the code created in my bachelor thesis here. We are currently (2017 spring) working on making our own flight controller. Our main objective is to study variable pitch quadrototrs and gain valuable information about them. 

Quadcopters are currently a hot topic in today’s society and has many promising uses now and in the future.Quadcopters are used as research platforms because of their simple design.  They are for example used bythe military, law enforcement, hobbyists and in commercial applications.  Today the operational time for aquadcopter is generally far below what is desired.  There is a high desire to increase the battery life of thequadcopters, at the very least not decrease it.  Most multicopters have two pairs of fixed pitched propellers,one pair that goes clockwise and one pair that goes counter-clockwise (see figure 1).  Traditional quadcoptersare controlled by changing the speed of the individual propellers.  That way, it generates more or less thrustwhen required.  This traditional method is not fast enough, and causes the multicopters to struggle in tur-bulent weather and wind conditions.  Another main focus with quadcopters is the operational time.On  this  basis  the  Norwegian  Defence  Research  Establishment  has  requested  that  we  should  do  researchon variable pitch.  This makes the quadcopter mechanically more complex and heavy, but gives higher per-formance and the possibility of even flying inverted.  This method can solve the current stability problem,and  possibly  improve  battery  life  if  the  quadcopter  is  running  at  constant  RPM.  Our  project  consists  ofresearching the advantages and disadvantages of variable pitch.The project consists of building two quadcopters, one with variable pitch and one without.  Both of themhas to be less than 2.5 kilos (because of laws and regulations) and should be as similar as possible.  We needto make a flight controller and create a method for the quadcopter so it can fly with an autopilot or radiocontroller.  This have to be done for both of the quadcopters.  These two quadcopters will then be testedto find out the pros and cons of variable pitch quadcopter flight.  It’s important that we especially test thebattery time and the response time, to find out the effect variable pitch has on these.
